[EDU-6187] Add Edge Function Starter Kit template release note (#1492)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/release-notes/release-notes.mdx

---
import Tag from 'primevue/tag'

## February 11, 2025

### Azion Templates

> The new **Edge Function Starter Kit** template allow you to create an edge function-based application without origin dependencies. You  can use this template to quickly deploy an edge function that is ready to run at the edge.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new **Edge Function Starter Kit** template allows you to create an edge function-based application without origin dependencies. You can use this template to quickly deploy an edge function ready to run at the edge.   
```

> Check the [how-to guide](/en/documentation/products/guides/edge-function-starter-kit/) to learn more about it.

Reviewer 2: Melhor add o nome do guia aqui e não apenas "how-to guide".

> Check the [how-to guide](/en/documentation/products/guides/edge-function-starter-kit/) to learn more about it.

Author: ```suggestion
Check the [Edge Function Starter Kit template guide](/en/documentation/products/guides/edge-function-starter-kit/) to learn more about it.
```
